(DOCSP-21150): Refactor for readability to grade 7 or A grade (#1858)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sync/data-access-patterns/partitions.txt

Overview
--------

> **Partition** is the abstraction between the Realm object model and the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Partitions** are the abstraction between the Realm object model and the 
```

I can't put my finger on *why*, but this does not sound correct to me with singular "partition". I think it's because "partition" in the Realm product only ever refers to *a* partition, rather than the concept, which is always called "partitioning" in the gerund form.

I don't know enough about gerunds or product terms to say whether "partition" is an appropriate name for the concept... but maybe converting to plural sounds better to you too?

MongoDB document model. Each model operates under different constraints 
and assumptions.

A MongoDB Atlas cluster consists of several remote servers. These servers 
provide the storage for your synced data. The Atlas cluster stores 
documents in collections. Each MongoDB collection maps to a different Realm 
object type. Each document in a collection represents a specific Realm object.

A synced realm is a local file on a device. A synced realm may contain 

> some or all the objects that are relevant to the end user. A client app 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some or all of the objects that are relevant to the end user. A client app 
```

Author: Both the readability things complain about "all of the" vs. "all the." I think we probably just need to get into the habit of omitting the "of."

> some or all the objects that are relevant to the end user. A client app 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some or all the objects relevant to the end user. A client app 
```
Trimming opportunity.

may use more than one synced realm to access all the objects that the 
application needs.

> The partition is the link between the objects in the client app and the 
> documents in MongoDB. When you initialize a synced realm file, one of its 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partitions link objects in Realm Database to 
documents in MongoDB. When you initialize a synced realm file, one of its 
```

Trimming + passive -> active voice + Realm Database callout

I think this sentence as written loses some of the meaning of the original sentence:

"Partitions bridge the gap between the Realm data model and the MongoDB document
model, which operate under different constraints and assumptions."

Hopefully my suggestion makes the Realm Database -> partition -> MongoDB connection clearer.

parameters is a partition value. Your client app creates objects in the 
synced realm. When those objects sync, the partition value becomes a 
field in the MongoDB documents. The value of this field determines which 

> documents in MongoDB the client can access. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MongoDB documents the client can access. 
```

Trimming a word.

Partition Key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A **partition key** is a named field that you specify when you 
:ref:`configure Realm Sync <enable-sync>`. Realm Sync uses this key to 
determine which partition contains a given document.

Your app's partition key is a central part of a Sync-enabled app's data 
model. When you set a partition key in your Sync configuration, you cannot 
later reassign the key's field. If you need to change a partition key, you 
must terminate sync. Then, you can enable it again with the new partition 
key. However, this requires all client applications to reset and sync data 
into new realms.

> .. include:: /includes/warn-terminate-sync-client-reset.rst

Reviewer: Thought: the whole "if you need to change a partition key" + warning admonition section here really frontloads scary warnings in front of actual content explaining the concept of partition keys. Do you think we could move this content into a subsection towards the end of the Partition Keys section, perhaps titled "Edit Partition Keys" or something like that?
